# Kansas State University
# Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery
### Officer Meeting Agenda
### September 26, 2017


#### Call to Order

#### Attendance

#### Announcements

#### Open Period

#### Order of Business
##### Fridge Duty
Officer Henderson

##### Junior Officer Shadowing
Pick Mentors

##### ACM Industry Series: JNT
September 26, 2017 @ 6pm in DUE 1114
* Room is reserved.
* Food has been ordered.

##### ACM Football Tailgate
September 30, 2017 @ 11am in Jardine Parking Lot
* Kickoff at 2:30pm
* Officer Boley and Vice President Eisenbarger will be preparing food.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM & eSports LAN Party
October 6, 2017 @ 7pm in DUE 1118
* Officer Dokos will need to order pizza.
* Officer Taylor will post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Henderson has reached out to Softek for sponsorship.

##### ACM Industry Series: Cerner
October 17, 2017 @ 6pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield will need to reserve DUE 1114.
* Pizza will be purchased and brought by Cerner.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Industry Series: Google
November 10, 2017 @ 6pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield will need to reserve DUE 1114.
* Officer Dokos will need to order pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### Spring Back to School Bash
* Choose a date.

##### Spring Programming Contest
* Choose a date.
* Officer Henderson will need to start reaching out for sponsorship.

##### ACM Event Competition
* Officer Canfield
