# Kansas State University
# Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery
### Officer Meeting Agenda
### September 5, 2017


#### Call to Order

#### Attendance

#### Announcements

#### Open Period

#### Order of Business
##### Fridge Duty
* Vice President Eisenbarger

##### Junior Officers
* Welcome Junior Officers!
* Add to Google Drive and Slack
* Discuss Shadowing

##### MIS Club Events
* Discuss having joint events with the MIS Club.

##### ACM LAN Party
* Schedule LAN Parties
    * October 6 and December 1
* Officer Henderson will reach out to Softek for sponsorship.
* Officer Dokos will order pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Industry Series: ConocoPhillips
September 12, 2017 @ 5pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield has reserved DUE 1114.
* Officer Dokos will need to order pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Industry Series: Paycom
September 20, 2017 @ 5pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield has reserved DUE 1114.
* Paycom is providing pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Dokos will be absent to attend the US Open Cup.

##### ACM Programming Competition
September 23, 2017 @ 9:30am
* Officer Canfield has reserved the atrium and DUE 1114, 1116, and 1117.
* Officer Dokos will need to order food.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Henderson will provide an update on sponsors.
* Dan and Josh are available to judge.
* Discuss prize ideas.
    * 1st Place - [49" 4K LED TV](https://www.amazon.com/TCL-55S405-55-Inch-Ultra-Smart/dp/B01MYGISTO)
    * 2nd Place - [Headphones](https://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATH-M50x-Professional-Monitor-Headphones/dp/B00HVLUR86)
    * 3rd Place - [Amazon Echos](https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-SK705DI-Certified-Refurbished-Echo/dp/B00Y3QOH5G)

##### ACM Football Tailgate
September 30, 2017 @ TBA
* Officer Boley and Vice President Eisenbarger will handle food.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Industry Series: Cerner
October 17, 2017 @ 6pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield has reserved DUE 1114.
* Cerner will be providing pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Regional Programming Competition
October 28, 2017
* We need to decide if we want to be an overflow site.
    * We will not be hosting an overflow site this year.
