# Kansas State University
# Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery
### Officer Meeting Agenda
### August 29, 2017


#### Call to Order

#### Attendance

#### Announcements

#### Open Period

#### Order of Business
##### Fridge Duty
* President Todd

##### Officer Polos
* Polos have been ordered. Will be here around September 8.

##### Junior Officers
* Signup at http://acm.cs.ksu.edu/jo

##### ACM Industry Series: ConnocoPhillips
September 12, 2017 @ 5pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield has reserved DUE 1114.
* Officer Dokos will need to order pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Industry Series: Paycom
September 20, 2017 @ 5pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield has reserved DUE 1114.
* Paycom is providing pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Dokos will be absent to attend the US Open Cup.

##### ACM Programming Competition
September 23, 2017 @ 9:30am
* Officer Canfield has reserved the atrium and DUE 1114, 1116, and 1117.
* Officer Dokos will need to order food.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Henderson will provide an update on sponsors.
* We need to ask Dan and Josh if they are available to judge.
* Discuss prize ideas.

##### ACM Football Tailgate
September 30, 2017 @ TBA
* Officer Boley and Vice President Eisenbarger will handle food.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Regional Programming Competition
October 28, 2017
* We need to decide if we want to be an overflow site.
