# Kansas State University
# Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery
### Officer Meeting Agenda
### August 22, 2017


#### Call to Order

#### Attendance

#### Announcements

#### Open Period

#### Order of Business
##### Constitution Changes
* Review Attendance Changes

##### Website
* New website design
* Development version at https://testing.keisenb.io

##### Officer Polos
* We'll be ordering officer polos from Brandmakers.

##### Junior Officers
* Discuss process for joining.
    * All will be accepted.
* Shadowing
    * Ideas?
    * When will it start?
    * How will shadowing work?

##### CS Back to School Bash
August 29, 2017 @ 5pm in DUE Atrium
* Officer Henderson will give us an update on companies that will be attending.
    * 6 Clubs, 10 Companies
* Officer Canfield will need to reserve tables and chairs.
* Officer Dokos will confirm if the department is providing food.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Signup to talk to classes.
    * Officer Dokos will email the MIS Club.

##### ACM General Meeting / Industry Series: BETSOL
August 29, 2017 @ 6pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield will need to reserve the room.
* We will not be having food at this meeting.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Help Sessions
* Meet the Officers chat.

##### ACM Industry Series: ConnocoPhillips
September 12, 2017 @ 5pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield has reserved DUE 1114.
* Officer Dokos will need to order pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

##### ACM Industry Series: Paycom
September 20, 2017 @ 5pm in DUE 1114
* Officer Canfield has reserved DUE 1114.
* Paycom is providing pizza.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Dokos will be absent to attend the US Open Cup.

##### ACM Programming Competition
September 23, 2017 @ 9:30am
* Officer Canfield has reserved the atrium and DUE 1114, 1116, and 1117.
* Officer Dokos will need to order food.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Henderson will provide an update on sponsors.
* We need to ask Dan and Josh if they are available to judge.

##### ACM Regional Programming Competition
October 28, 2017
* We need to decide if we want to be an overflow site.

##### Participation Checkup
* Date for participation checkup is October 27, 2017.
