# Kansas State University
# Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery
### Officer Meeting Minutes
### April 24, 2018


#### Call to Order
 * President Canfield called the meeting to order at 6:00 p.m.


#### Attendance
##### Excused Absences:
##### Unexcused Absences:


#### Announcements
**President Canfield**
* End of the Year BBQ
* Photoshoot for promotion of club

### UPCOMING EVENTS
* 5/1 - End of the Year BBQ

#### Open Period
* End of the Year BBQ
    * Checked approval went through
    * Other Reservations (indoor and chairs and tables)
* Photoshoot for promotion of club
* Talked about buying food for End of the Year BBQ
* Current officers are to type up their jounals if they haven't.
* Adressed club location and time.
* Polo/shirt uniform for ACM club officer.
* Adressed club events
    * Industry series
    * Sponsorships
        * ACM Fall programming contest & back to school bash.
    * Set date for ACM programming contest at sept. 22
    * Set date for ACM back to school bash at Aug. 28th


#### Adjournment
President Canfield moved to adjourn until Fall 2018 semester at 6:00pm in DUE 1116. Motion passes. Adjourned at 6:50p.m.

#### Action Items
* President Canfield
* Vice President Siebert
* Secretary Toy
    * Reserve Indoor Atrium for Back to school Bash for august 28th.
    * Reserve time for 5pm-6pm
    * Reserve 10 tables and 20 chairs
* Treasurer DeWeese
* Outreach Chair Bolinger
* Event Chair Murrel
* Industry Liaison Loenen
* Open House Co-Chair Carter
* Open House Co-Chair Loenen
* Senior Chair Eisenbarger & Todd
* Junior Officer