# Kansas State University
# Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery
### Officer Meeting Agenda
### November 28, 2017


#### Call to Order

#### Attendance

#### Announcements

#### Open Period

#### Order of Business
#### Fridge Duty
President Todd

#### ACM LAN Party sponsored by Softek
December 1, 2017 @ 7pm in DUE 1118
* Officer Canfield will need to reserve the room and tables.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.
* Officer Dokos will need to contact eSports about co-hosting.
* Officer Dokos will need to order pizza and get the total to Officer Henderson.

#### Holiday Pancake Extravaganza
December 5, 2017 @ 5:30pm in DUE 1116
* We will be doing an election for the treasurer position.
* Gift exchange begins at 6pm. $10 limit
* Officer Canfield will need to reserve the room.
* Officer Canfield is creating digital signage.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media.

#### Hour of Code
Computer Science Education Week: December 4-10, 2017
* Do we want to host an Hour of Code?
* ACM provides $150 pizza party to chapters that participate.
* Would need to reserve 1114, 1116; See if Josh or other instructors would want to participate and host the workshops.

#### Open House
* Talk with department about funding.
* SGA funding request due on December 1.
* 3 Reports due on December 4.
* Write email to send to companies to asking for support for Open House
* Write email to send to companies asking for judges
* Write email to send to professors to ask them to offer extra credit for volunteering at Open House

#### Spring Back to School Bash
January 23, 2018
* Officer Canfield will need to reserve the atrium/tables and inform the CS office staff.
* Officer Taylor will need to post on social media and digital signage.

#### Spring Programming Contest
February 24, 2018
